Update server examples with scopes and collections - N1QL DML pages (#1809)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/n1ql/pages/n1ql-language-reference/update.adoc

For more details about user roles, see
{authorization-overview}[Authorization].

WARNING: Please note that the examples below will alter the data in your sample buckets.
To restore your sample data, remove and reinstall the `travel-sample` bucket.
Refer to xref:manage:manage-settings/install-sample-buckets.adoc[Sample Buckets] for details.

For example,

> * To execute the following statement, user must have the _Query Update_ privilege on `pass:c[`travel-sample`]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To execute the following statement, you must have the _Query Update_ privilege on `pass:c[`travel-sample`].inventory.airport`.
```

+
[source,n1ql]
----
UPDATE `travel-sample`.inventory.airport SET foo = 5;
----

> * To execute the following statement, user must have the _Query Update_ privilege on the `pass:c[`travel-sample`]` and _Query Select_ privilege on `pass:c[`beer-sample`]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To execute the following statement, you must have the _Query Update_ privilege on `pass:c[`travel-sample`].inventory.airport` and _Query Select_ privilege on `pass:c[`beer-sample`]`.
```

+
[source,n1ql]
----
UPDATE `travel-sample`.inventory.airport
SET foo = 9
WHERE city IN (SELECT RAW city FROM `beer-sample` WHERE type = "brewery");
----

> * To execute the following statement, user must have the _Query Update_ privilege on `pass:c[`travel-sample`]` and _Query Select_ privilege on `pass:c[`travel-sample`]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To execute the following statement, you must have the _Query Update_ and _Query Select_ privileges on `pass:c[`travel-sample`].inventory.airport`.
```

> 

Reviewer: Update the description for example-2 (line 267):
```
This statement removes the `nickname` attribute from the `landmark` keyspace for the document with the key `landmark_10090`.
```

> 

Reviewer: Update the description for example-3 (line 290):
```
This statement sets the `codeshare` attribute for each element in the `schedule` array for document `route_10003` in the `route` keyspace.
```

.Query
[source,n1ql]
----
UPDATE `travel-sample`.inventory.airport AS a
SET hotels = 
  (SELECT  h.name, h.id 

>   FROM  `travel-sample` AS h  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  FROM  `travel-sample`.inventory.hotel AS h  
```

Also change the following line to remove the type filter:
```
  WHERE h.city = "Nice")
```
